Enough Xiao Chen is really enough
The governor of Qinzhou has been cleared for a week, which is enough to cover the sky with one hand
The dragon is even more of a crime
Glory First
Are you rude?
Only survive tonight
Even nine clans
Su Liuyan, you are worried about my safety
Or are you worried that your Su family will be implicated?
And sure enough, I was right.
You and I are no longer husband and wife
My comfort has nothing to do with you
Nothing to do with the Su family
Also my glory
lofty status
Even your Su Lingyan Su family has nothing to do with you anymore
Xiao Chensu, don't panic
There's something going on.
And Mr. Su just needs to wait
Miss Qin is from far away.
Just for one person
He is hey
Sorry to answer the phone
Hey
Lord Qingming
How is that possible?
Miss Qin, I have something urgent to leave in advance
Hey, this is the way of hospitality in Qinzhou
Can make a week governor so flustered
Something big must have happened.
That's right.
You are ready for what I asked you to prepare
Don't worry, Mr. Qin is ready
Sorry, something happened to Mr. Xiao
The man who dares to touch me is courting death